Deutsche Bank logo
Deutsche Bank
Share
Show more options
Transformation Strategy- Senior Consultant 
London, England, United Kingdom · Reposted 1 week ago · Over 100 people clicked apply

 Hybrid
Matches your job preferences, workplace type is Hybrid.

 Full-time
Matches your job preferences, job type is Full-time.

Apply
 
Save
Save Transformation Strategy- Senior Consultant  at Deutsche Bank
Transformation Strategy- Senior Consultant
Deutsche Bank · London, England, United Kingdom (Hybrid)

Apply
 
Save
Save Transformation Strategy- Senior Consultant  at Deutsche Bank
Show more options
How your profile and resume fit this job
Get AI-powered advice on this job and more exclusive features with Premium. Reactivate Premium




Tailor my resume to this job

Am I a good fit for this job?

How can I best position myself for this job?

People you can reach out to
McGill University - Desautels Faculty of Management logo
McGill University - Desautels Faculty of Management logo
School alumni from McGill University - Desautels Faculty of Management

Show all
About the job
Position Overview

Job Title Transformation Strategy- Senior Consultant

Location London

Corporate Title AVP

You will be joining Deutsche Bank Management Consulting (DBMC), the Bank’s in-house management consulting global function across 3 locations (London, Frankfurt, Mumbai) that partners with senior executives across the bank to deliver impact. Our project portfolio covers a wide range of strategic and transformation topics, which can range from supporting the Bank’s transformation agenda, to driving innovation and growth, to other pressing issues across all areas of the Bank. Our team members obtain an unrivalled level of exposure and access to the Bank’s most senior executives.

To deliver impact, we build an inclusive team with different backgrounds to drive innovative thinking. You will work in a team that pursues a working environment where everyone can be authentic and feel a sense of belonging.

What We’ll Offer You

A healthy, engaged and well-supported workforce are better equipped to do their best work and, more importantly, enjoy their lives inside and outside the workplace. That’s why we are committed to providing an environment with your development and wellbeing at its centre.

You can expect:

Hybrid Working - we understand that employee expectations and preferences are changing. We have implemented a Hybrid Working Model that enables eligible employees to work remotely for a part of their working time and reach a working pattern that works for them
Competitive salary and non-contributory pension
30 days’ holiday plus bank holidays, with the option to purchase additional days
Life Assurance and Private Healthcare for you and your family
A range of flexible benefits including Retail Discounts, a Bike4Work scheme and Gym benefits
The opportunity to support a wide ranging CSR programme + 2 days’ volunteering leave per year


Your Key Responsibilities

Working as part of a project team and assume responsibility for workstreams to facilitate bank-wide transformation and other strategic initiatives
Working directly with internal clients and subject matter experts across the bank, leading meetings independently
Determining problem statements, draw insights, and develop recommendations to senior stakeholders
Preparing and presenting analyses and presentations for senior executives and the management board
Driving internal topics (e.g., Diversity & Inclusion) and collaborate with consultants across three offices


Your Skills And Experience

Relevant experience in financial services and management consulting
Knowledge of and exposure to Business (Investment bank, Corporate bank) or Infrastructure functions (Operations, Transformation…) is preferred
Strong analytical and conceptual skills to solve complex problems by developing structured and creative solutions
Skills and experience in delivering high quality results for senior management incl. excellent PowerPoint and Excel skills
Excellent communication skills with the ability to work in an international environment
Outcome oriented with the ability to drive value for the franchise, stakeholders and clients


How We’ll Support You

Training and development to help you excel in your career
Flexible working to assist you balance your personal priorities
Coaching and support from experts in your team
A culture of continuous learning to aid progression
A range of flexible benefits that you can tailor to suit your needs
We value diversity and as an equal opportunities’ employer, we make reasonable adjustments for those with a disability such as the provision of assistive equipment if required (e.g. screen readers, assistive hearing devices, adapted keyboards)


About Us

Deutsche Bank is the leading German bank with strong European roots and a global network. Click here to see what we do.

Deutsche Bank in the UK is proud to have been named a The Times Top 50 Employers for Gender Equality 2024 for five consecutive years. Additionally, we have been awarded a Gold Award from Stonewall and named in their Top 100 Employers 2024 for our work supporting LGBTQ+ inclusion.

We strive for a culture in which we are empowered to excel together every day. This includes acting responsibly, thinking commercially, taking initiative and working collaboratively.

Together we share and celebrate the successes of our people. Together we are Deutsche Bank Group.

We welcome applications from all people and promote a positive, fair and inclusive work environment.

We strive for a culture in which we are empowered to excel together every day. This includes acting responsibly, thinking commercially, taking initiative and working collaboratively.

Together we share and celebrate the successes of our people. Together we are Deutsche Bank Group.

We welcome applications from all people and promote a positive, fair and inclusive work environment.